I was going out there welcome from h2
tech video today I want to show you how
to look at your your purchased app
history basically you can see all the
apps that you've downloaded since you
created your Apple account iTunes
account you're gonna do is go to I -
excuse me go to the App Store from there
you want to make sure your you go to
purchased let it load and if we give my
camera while it gets together okay so
you can see iPad iPhone after you
purchase you just see them all you can
say hey not on this iPad and this will
go back literally as far as you've
purchased and
yeah it's going to go page by page so
you can see I downloaded 379 apps in
total and then the cool thing is what I
many uses for is if if I'm trying to
look for an app that no I used to have
tap iPhone or iPad you know in the box
I'll type in the name of the app and the
one I was traveling earlier was there
was an app I used to use the word with
friends it was a cheat app that would
recommend words for you
Sophia's search they don't take you know
and it'll basically look for all the
apps like that so right here these are
the four that I used to wanted three on
top I used to have and if you want to
read download it because obviously maybe
it's not on your iPad anymore you just
tap on the little cloud and then it'll
ask you if you want to download it
you'll put in your code and there it is
so that's how you access your purchase
to apps from the iPad and also how you
download them in the event you want to
put them back on your iPad and the
reason they're called purchased because
whether free or paid for Apple keeps a
record of them this is a great way to
make sure you know or to see everything
that you purchased and redownload in
case you erase it by accident or
whatever
alright so hope that was helpful
subscribe to h2 tech videos and keep
watching and if you found this helpful
you give me a thumbs up I appreciate it
you